c:\users\neeflysworkstation\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twitch_Desktop\Twitch_Desktop\bin\Debug\Twitch_Desktop.exe.config
c:\users\neeflysworkstation\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twitch_Desktop\Twitch_Desktop\bin\Debug\Twitch_Desktop.exe
c:\users\neeflysworkstation\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twitch_Desktop\Twitch_Desktop\bin\Debug\Twitch_Desktop.pdb
c:\users\neeflysworkstation\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twitch_Desktop\Twitch_Desktop\obj\Debug\Twitch_Desktop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\neeflysworkstation\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twitch_Desktop\Twitch_Desktop\obj\Debug\Twitch_Desktop.twitchDesktop.resources
c:\users\neeflysworkstation\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twitch_Desktop\Twitch_Desktop\obj\Debug\Twitch_Desktop.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\neeflysworkstation\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twitch_Desktop\Twitch_Desktop\obj\Debug\Twitch_Desktop.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\neeflysworkstation\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twitch_Desktop\Twitch_Desktop\obj\Debug\Twitch_Desktop.exe
c:\users\neeflysworkstation\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twitch_Desktop\Twitch_Desktop\obj\Debug\Twitch_Desktop.pdb
c:\users\neeflysworkstation\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twitch_Desktop\Twitch_Desktop\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\neeflysworkstation\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Twitch_Desktop\Twitch_Desktop\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\neeflysWorkstation\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\twitchDesktop\Twitch_Desktop\bin\Debug\Twitch_Desktop.exe.config
C:\Users\neeflysWorkstation\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\twitchDesktop\Twitch_Desktop\obj\Debug\Twitch_Desktop.exe
C:\Users\neeflysWorkstation\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\twitchDesktop\Twitch_Desktop\obj\Debug\Twitch_Desktop.pdb
C:\Users\neeflysWorkstation\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\twitchDesktop\Twitch_Desktop\bin\Debug\Twitch_Desktop.exe
C:\Users\neeflysWorkstation\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\twitchDesktop\Twitch_Desktop\bin\Debug\Twitch_Desktop.pdb
C:\Users\neeflysWorkstation\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\twitchDesktop\Twitch_Desktop\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\neeflysWorkstation\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\twitchDesktop\Twitch_Desktop\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\neeflysWorkstation\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\twitchDesktop\Twitch_Desktop\obj\Debug\Twitch_Desktop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\neeflysWorkstation\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\twitchDesktop\Twitch_Desktop\obj\Debug\Twitch_Desktop.twitchDesktop.resources
C:\Users\neeflysWorkstation\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\twitchDesktop\Twitch_Desktop\obj\Debug\Twitch_Desktop.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\neeflysWorkstation\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\twitchDesktop\Twitch_Desktop\obj\Debug\Twitch_Desktop.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\neeflysWorkstation\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\twitchDesktop\Twitch_Desktop\obj\Debug\Twitch_Desktop.viewStream.resources
